Empty elements are called self-closing elements are void elements 

Elements with no closing tags are known as empty tags 
Eg: <br> ---> line break 

img tags : alt: Display alternate text description of the image used for SEARCH ENGINE OPTIMIZATION in SEARCH ENGINE

favicon-- small image file contains one or more icons that can be used to represent a website

Lists.....
1) Ordered list : it is a list of items where the items have been intentionally ordered 
        Li: elements present inside the ordered list is represented inside <li></li> tags

Structural elements 
        <div>  
        <span>

Forms: Forms on a web page allows user to enter data that is sent to the server for processing.

Methods on forms:
Post : Corresponds to the HTTP POST method ; form data are included in the body of the form and sent to the server.
Get : Corresponds to the HTTP GET method; form data are appended to the action attribute URI with a '?' as separator, and the resulting URI is sent to the server.

Label : The label element represents a caption in a user interface. The caption can be associated with a specific form control,
Types of forms :
Input: Represents text enterable data 
Name attribute: The name attribute specifies the name of an <input> element. The name attribute is used to reference elements in a JavaScript, or to reference form data after a form is submitted. 
Method attribute: The method attribute specifies how to send form-data (the form-data is sent to the page specified in the action attribute).

minlength attribute : Used to restrict the minimum lenght of the input value 
maxlength attribute : Used to restrict the maximum lenght of the input value
required attribute : Maked the field mandatory
pattern attribute : specifies a regular expression that <input> element's value is checked against on form submission 
Size attribute : specifies the visible size of the input field 

novalidae attribute : This Boolean attribute indicates that the form is not to be validated when submitted. 
placeholder attribute : input refernce text             
value attribute : predefined text or entry for  <input>
disabled attribute : disable any tag
hidden attribute: not visible for end user.A Boolean attribute indicates that the element is not yet, or is no longer, relevant. For example, it can be used to hide elements of the page that can't be used until the login process has been completed. The browser won't render such elements. This attribute must not be used to hide content that could legitimately be shown.
